README.md, before:

# Clone project with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). :point_left:

## What is this project about?

```diff
+   It is not public, it must be installed in a private and internal environment.
```

-   It is an App to work in small teams

-   Users who belong to the team can register and create events in a calendar, they can also add notes to describe the event.

-   All users can see events created by others, but cannot edit or delete them.

-   Events have different colors depending on the user who created them.

## :globe_with_meridians: Visit the project!

[Click me](https://calendar-mern-pfm.herokuapp.com/) :fire:

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

Commit message:

Finish Documentation of Calendar App

README.md, after:

# Clone project with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). :point_left:

<br />

## What is this project about?

-   It is not public, it must be installed in a private and internal environment.

-   It is an App to work in small teams

-   Users who belong to the team can register and create events in a calendar, they can also add notes to describe the event.

-   All users can see events created by others, but cannot edit or delete them.

-   Events have different colors depending on the user who created them.

<br />

## :globe_with_meridians: Visit the project!

[Click me](https://calendar-mern-pfm.herokuapp.com/) :fire:

<br />

## :star2: Project Backend Repo

[Click me](https://github.com/kamilodev/mern-calendar-back) :fire:

<br />

## :bookmark_tabs: User Stories Repo

[Click me](https://github.com/orgs/Full-Stack-CICE/projects/1) :fire:

<br />

## :books: Readme documentation

[Click me](./documentation) :fire:

<br />

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.
